Why did you choose this topic?
Why do you think your issue is such an increasing concern for your target group?
Why did you choose your target group?
What changes would you like to see in your target group after the implementation of your project?
How have you utilised the characteristics of your target group in your solution?
What do you think can be done to further engage your target group? 
How would you modify your project to strengthen its impact on your target group in the long run?
What are some methods you can use to ensure that more of your target group is exposed to your proposed solutions?
Can your project be extended to another target group? 
Which segment of your target group will you first publicize your solution to?
Which root cause do you think is the most important? 
Can you elaborate on your groups research process?
What are the strengths of your research process?
What are the limitations of your research process? 
How did the finding of the primary research affect the design of your solutions?
How have your research methods justified your solutions?
In the course of doing your survey, what is the biggest constraint?
Why are these current measures ineffective? 
From the limitations of the current measures, what are the characteristics of Singaporeans?
How do you think that the current measure raised can be used together with your solution to more effectively achieve your objectives?
How are your proposed strategies an improvement of the current measures?
Why did you choose your case study?
What are the strengths of your case study?
What are the limitations of your case study? 
How was your case study helpful in crafting the solutions to benefit the target group?
How have you applied your learning points from your case study to your solutions? 
Which among the learning points of your case study, do you think is the most significant to the project?
How would you measure the success of your entire project?
How would you change your project to make it applicable to another target group?
If you could implement only one of your plans, which one will you implement and why?
What are the possible expansions of the project?
What impact do you envision your project will have on your issue?
Which key stakeholders would be the most crucial in ensuring the success of your project?
Which of the 3 solutions is the least effective and why?
What do you think can be done to further engage the target group in your project?
What else do you think needs to be done for your strategies of informing to be sustainable?
What are the unintended benefits of your project?
Who are the sponsors, and why would they agree to sponsor?
What is the biggest achievement of your project?
If given another chance to redo the project, which area of your project will you expand or improve and why?
How feasible are your solutions?
How will you publicize your solutions to your target group?
Which solution will you publicize to your target group first?
What are the unintended consequences of your project?
What is the most important learning point?
How would you assess the manageability of your project? 
How would you assess the feasibility of your project? 
How would you assess the sustainability of your project? 
How would you assess the success of your project? 
What are some methods you can use to determine the effectiveness of the solutions proposed?
To what extent does the limitations prevent you from implementing this project?
Which part of your project do you think is more effective at solving the problem that you raised and why?
Which solution is the hardest to implement? 
Which publicizing method is the most effective to publicize your project? 
Which was the most difficult decision in your project?
What considerations or concerns did your group have during the process of formulating your proposal?
How should you improve your primary research for better data?
How to improve method of research?
What are the factors your grp considered in conducting primary research?
How far do you think our project has met its aim and its objectives?
How would you ensure that your proposed partners will work with you?
To what extent do you think your soln will be liked and adopted by your target group?
Why did you choose your target group compared to other target groups?
Which key stakeholders would be most crucial in ensuring the success of your project?